For years now no one in the family wants to be a beggar anymore.
If this continues, the Cult will die.
He is also of the Beg sect?
Could it be that he also came to steal the second cultivation method?
Do you want to rebel with me?
I don't want to.
Rebellion is the crime of the Chu Cuu clan.
Moreover, was Miss Lanh killed by you?
She is the daughter of the former leader.
You have to give us an answer today.
Is he calm?
Say it.
Looks like you want to confront this gang leader.
Tanglin, I killed you.
Who are you?
I came here to save the beggars.
I've always had a history with cults.
You don't believe I have a token?
This is the secret of our state.
Can I still lie to you?
They say calm is you, right?
Yes, because I am against rebellion.
This monster is going to kill me.
If you trust me then come with me.
This story Pham ca arranged troops for you.
But I don't like it either.
If you can help me.
I can agree to any of your terms. This is not the place to talk.
Let's go.
Who else?
Who?